#summary What have not been done
#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation

Items in <font color="red">red</font> are more urgent ones that should be done first.

Remove the section if you have done that part. Once everything is completed, this page shall disappear :).

Please mark down those items by <font color="green">your name</font> if they are under development that take more than one day to avoid duplicating effort.

= 4 About igraph graphs, the basic interface =
== 4.2 The basic interface ==
=== 4.2.1 Graph Constructors and Destructors ===
 * `igraph_empty_attr`

= 5 Error Handling =
All unimplemented

= 6 Data structure library =

== 6.4 Sparse matrices ==
All unimplemented.

== 6.5 Stacks ==
All unimplemented.

== 6.6 Double-ended queues ==
All unimplemented.

== 6.7 Maximum and minimum heaps ==
All unimplemented.

== 6.8 String vectors ==
<font color="red">All unimplemented.</font>

== 6.9 Adjacency lists ==
=== 6.9.2 Adjacent edges ===
All unimplemented.
=== 6.9.3 Lazy adjacency list for vertices ===
All unimplemented.
=== 6.9.4 Lazy adjacency list for edges ===
All unimplemented.

= 7 Graph Generators ==

Besides wrapping the original ones, we also need to create the corresponding ones that give simple graphs. See issue 1. The undone parts are<font color="red">
 * Rewire (preserve degree distribution) <font color="green">(_to be implemented by_ Kenny.)</font>
</font>

= 9 Graph, Vertex and Edge Attributes =
All unimplemented.

= 13 Graph Motifs, Dyad Census and Triad Census =
All unimplemented.

= 14 Generating Layouts for Graph Drawing =
 * `igraph_layout_graphopt`
 * `10.1.4. The DrL layout generator`
 * `igraph_layout_fruchterman_reingold`
 * `igraph_layout_kamada_kawai`
 * `igraph_layout_grid_fruchterman_reingold`
 * `igraph_layout_lgl`
 * `igraph_layout_fruchterman_reingold_3d`
 * `igraph_layout_kamada_kawai_3d`
 * `igraph_layout_merge_dla`

= 15 Reading and Writing Graphs from and to Files =
== 15.1 Simple edge list and similar formats ==
 * `igraph_read_graph_ncol` _requires_ <font color="red">!StringVector</font>
 * `igraph_read_graph_dimacs` _requires_ <font color="red">!StringVector</font>

= 17 Detecting Community Structure =
 * `igraph_community_spinglass_single`
 * `igraph_community_leading_eigenvector_*`

= 20 Bipartite, i.e. two-mode graphs =
All unimplemented.

= 21 Not Graph Related Functions =
All unimplemented (again).
